feat(ArrayReaders): add better error trapping for binary input data (#1301)
MODFLOW-USGS/modflow6: doc/mf6io/framework/array_data.tex

     CONSTANT 10.0  #applies to all cells in the grid
\end{lstlisting}

In the next example, the ``LAYERED'' keyword is present and binary files are used for each layer. A control line with the ``BINARY'' keyword is required for each layer.

\begin{lstlisting}[style=inputfile]
  STRT LAYERED
     OPEN/CLOSE strt.layer1.bin (BINARY)  #layer1
     OPEN/CLOSE strt.layer2.bin (BINARY)  #layer2
     OPEN/CLOSE strt.layer3.bin (BINARY)  #layer3
     OPEN/CLOSE strt.layer4.bin (BINARY)  #layer4
\end{lstlisting}

In the next example, the ``LAYERED'' keyword is absent. In this case, a single control line with the ``BINARY'' keyword is required and the binary file will include the entire data array.

\begin{lstlisting}[style=inputfile]
  STRT
     OPEN/CLOSE strt.bin (BINARY)  #layers1-4
\end{lstlisting}

> A consequence of the way binary input files have been implemented in \mf, simulated dependent variable binary output (for example, head and concentration) cannot be used as binary array input for a model. Instead, simulated dependent variable binary output must be processed and split into separate binary files for each layer or combined into a single three-dimensional array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A consequence of the way binary input files have been implemented in \mf, simulated dependent variable binary output (for example, head and concentration) cannot be used as binary array input for a model. Instead, simulated dependent variable binary output must be processed and split into separate binary files for each layer or combined into a single array equal to the size of the grid (for DIS grids this would be an array equal to NCOL * NROW * NLAY).
```
